give a description for each of them using these data 
Hierarchy of Name Servers
The solution to these problems is to distribute the information among many computers
called DNS servers. One way to do this is to divide the whole space into many domains
based on the first level. In other words, we let the root stand alone and create as many
domains (subtrees) as there are first-level nodes. Because a domain created this way
could be very large, DNS allows domains to be divided further into smaller domains                                    Zone
Since the complete domain name hierarchy cannot be stored on a single server, it is
divided among many servers. What a server is responsible for or has authority over is
called a zone. We can define a zone as a contiguous part of the entire tree. If a server
accepts responsibility for a domain and does not divide the domain into smaller
domains, the “domain” and the “zone” refer to the same thing. The server makes a database
called a zone file and keeps all the information for every node under that domain.
However, if a server divides its domain into subdomains and delegates part of its
authority to other servers, “domain” and “zone” refer to different things. The information
about the nodes in the subdomains is stored in the servers at the lower levels, with
the original server keeping some sort of reference to these lower-level servers. Of
course, the original server does not free itself from responsibility totally. It still has a
zone, but the detailed information is kept by the lower-level servers (see Figure 26.33).
(subdomains). Each server can be responsible (authoritative) for either a large or small
domain. In other words, we have a hierarchy of servers in the same way that we have a
hierarchy of names (see Figure 26.32).                                                                                                            A root server is a server whose zone consists of the whole tree. A root server usually
does not store any information about domains but delegates its authority to other servers,
keeping references to those servers. There are several root servers, each covering the
whole domain name space. The root servers are distributed all around the world.                                                     Primary and Secondary Servers
DNS defines two types of servers: primary and secondary. A primary server is a server
that stores a file about the zone for which it is an authority. It is responsible for creating,
maintaining, and updating the zone file. It stores the zone file on a local disk.
A secondary server is a server that transfers the complete information about a zone
from another server (primary or secondary) and stores the file on its local disk. The secondary
server neither creates nor updates the zone files. If updating is required, it must
be done by the primary server, which sends the updated version to the secondary.
The primary and secondary servers are both authoritative for the zones they serve.
The idea is not to put the secondary server at a lower level of authority but to create
redundancy for the data so that if one server fails, the other can continue serving clients.
Note also that a server can be a primary server for a specific zone and a secondary server
for another zone. Therefore, when we refer to a server as a primary or secondary server,
we should be careful about which zone we refer to.                                                                               26.6.2 DNS in the Internet
DNS is a protocol that can be used in different platforms. In the Internet, the domain
name space (tree) was originally divided into three different sections: generic domains,
country domains, and the inverse domains. However, due to the rapid growth of the
Internet, it became extremely difficult to keep track of the inverse domains, which
could be used to find the name of a host when given the IP address. The inverse domains
are now deprecated (see RFC 3425). We, therefore, concentrate on the first two.
Generic Domains
The generic domains define registered hosts according to their generic behavior. Each
node in the tree defines a domain, which is an index to the domain name space database
(see Figure 26.34).                                                                                                                      Looking at the tree, we see that the first level in the generic domains section allows
14 possible labels. These labels describe the organization types as listed in Table 26.12.
Country Domains
The country domains section uses two-character country abbreviations (e.g., us for
United States). Second labels can be organizational, or they can be more specific
national designations. The United States, for example, uses state abbreviations as a subdivision
of us (e.g., ca.us.). Figure 26.35 shows the country domains section. The
address uci.ca.us. can be translated to University of California, Irvine, in the state of
California in the United States.